📝(project) add mkdocs-based documentation (#12)
openfun/marion: docs/index.md

# Introduction

Marion is a documents factory backend to generate PDF files using a REST API
and HTML/CSS templates.

## Key concepts

Marion is a [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) application that can be
integrated to your Django project or deployed to production as a standalone
service.

> To generate PDF files with styles, first, you will have to write your own

Author: CSS

2. a `context_query` that will be used by the issuer to resolve the **context**
   that will be injected in your HTML/CSS templates to generate a document;
   think of a context as a [Django template
   context](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/topics/templates/#context).

If you get lucky, your document has been cooked and is available for download
in the configured `MEDIA_ROOT` of the Django project Marion has been integrated
to. You will find the link to the PDF document in the newly created document
request (see the `document_url` field):

```json
{
    "document_id": "60593260-2c0f-4c54-88e5-96ae0db06081",
    "document_url": "http://localhost:8000/media/60593260-2c0f-4c54-88e5-96ae0db06081.pdf",
    "context": {
        "fullname": "John Doe",
        "identifier": "60593260-2c0f-4c54-88e5-96ae0db06081"
    },
    "context_query": {
        "fullname": "John Doe"
    },
    "created_on": "2021-03-12T15:48:15.737311Z",
    "issuer": "marion.documents.issuers.DummyDocument",
    "updated_on": "2021-03-12T15:48:15.737336Z",
    "url": "http://localhost:8000/api/documents/requests/b90031a6-dcb4-49d6-ac6c-017030352f33/"
}
```

### Key takeways

> - **Issuer**: we use this keyword to designate a particular type of document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Issuer**: this keyword designates a particular type of document
```
